1. Find the missing number in the array
2. Given an array of integers and a value, determine if there are any two integers in the array whose
   sum is equal to the given value.
3. Given two sorted linked lists, merge them so that the resulting linked list is also sorted.
4. You are given a linked list where the node has two pointers. The first is the regular ‘next’ pointer.
   The second pointer is called ‘arbitrary_pointer’ and it can point to any node in the linked list.
    Your job is to write code to make a deep copy of the given linked list. Here, deep copy means that
    any operations on the original list (inserting, modifying and removing) should not affect the copied list.
5. Given the root of a binary tree, display the node values at each level. Node values for all levels should be
   displayed on separate lines.
6. Given a Binary Tree, figure out whether it’s a Binary Search Tree. In a binary search tree, each node’s key
   value is smaller than the key value of all nodes in the right subtree, and are greater than the key values
   of all nodes in the left subtree i.e. L < N < R.
7. Given a dictionary of words and an input string tell whether the input string can be completely segmented
   into dictionary words.
8. Reverse words in a sentence
9. Given a string, find the length of the longest substring which has no repeating characters.
10.Given coin denominations and total amount, find out the number of ways to make the change.
11.Given a set of ‘N’ elements, find the Kth permutation.
12.You are given a set of integers and you have to find all the possible subsets of this set of integers.
13.Print all braces combinations for a given value 'N' so that they are balanced.
14.Given the root node of a directed graph, clone this graph by creating its deep copy so that the cloned
   graph has the same vertices and edges as the original graph.
15.Given an array of points in the a 2D plane, find ‘K’ closest points to the origin.
16.Given an unsorted array of numbers, find the top ‘K’ frequently occurring numbers in it.

