1.  Given an integer array, move all elements that are equal to 0 to the left while maintaining the
    order of other elements in the array.
2.  Given a list of intervals, merge all the overlapping intervals to produce a list that has only
    mutually exclusive intervals.
3.  Given the head pointers of two linked lists where each linked list represents an integer number
    (each node is a digit), add them and return the resulting linked list.
4.  Given two sorted linked lists, merge them so that the resulting linked list is also sorted.
5.  Convert a binary tree to a doubly linked list so that the order of the doubly linked list is
    the same as an in-order traversal of the binary tree. After conversion, the left pointer of the
    node should be pointing to the previous node in the doubly linked list, and the right pointer should
    be pointing to the next node in the doubly linked list.
6.  Given a binary tree and a number ‘S’, find all paths from root-to-leaf such that the sum of all the
    node values of each path equals ‘S’.
7.  Reverse the order of words in a given sentence (an array of characters).
8.  Given a dictionary of words and an input string tell whether the input string can be completely segmented
    into dictionary words.
9.  Given a list of daily stock prices (integers for simplicity), return the buy and sell prices for making the
    maximum profit. We need to maximize the single buy/sell profit. If we can't make any profit, we'll try to
    minimize the loss.
10. Given a double, 'x', and an integer, 'n', write a function to calculate 'x' raised to the power 'n'.
11. You are given a set of integers and you have to find all the possible subsets of this set of integers.
12. There is a dictionary containing words from an alien language for which we don’t know the ordering of the
    characters. Write a method to find the correct order of characters in the alien language.
13. Serialize a binary tree to a file and then deserialize it back to a tree so that the original and the
    deserialized trees are identical.
14. Given a sorted array of integers, return the low and high index of the given key. Return -1 if not found.
    The array length can be in the millions with many duplicates.
15. Search for a given number in a sorted array that has been rotated by some arbitrary number.
